README.md, before:

# Welcome to the NBA Prediction App 

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.nba.net/nba-drupal-prod/2017-08/Twitter-seo-image-NBA-logman.jpg" width="">
</div>

## My app

Hello Basketball loving people!

This app is for those who are interested in my week of learning Python and Machine Learning.

I made this as a Student at Code Chrysalis during polyglotal week (week where we learn a new language from scratch)

---

#### This is what you see when you open the page:

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-42-53.png)

---

#### You can select a team and start/end years to show data:

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-45-21.png)

---

#### You can predict the winner of the game by selecting two teams (Home/Away)

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-47-59.png)

---

### If you would like to use this app

**Here's how:**

* Fork and clone this repository
* Open this with your code editor of choice
* Activate your Python Environment (I used Anaconda), and make sure the libraries are installed properly on your chosen Environment

---

### My presentation slides

[>>> Click here to see the slides I used <<<](
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRXO3l_9rm6H4n9lo0Q0UoBhfDC-RfQb0ASpoTT0CBJX51o9KW8aZwrquzvn2lq2eSWcKi-1Q-G6SjP/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000)



---

### Future improvements

* As this was my first time with Python, the Machine Learning predictability is not at a high accuracy percentage. I would like to increase this accuracy.
* Add more features and inputs so you can see all the data and it is very customizable
* Deploy this app. Potentially using a service such as Heroku

---

### Resourses and tutorials used

* Tutorial for Streamlit (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ4B0QUHuNc)
* Pandas datasets for NBA data (https://realpython.com/pandas-python-explore-dataset/)
* Machine learning tutorial (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLlN5SYZr5g) <br> (https://machinelearningmastery.com/make-predictions-scikit-learn/) <br> (https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split.html) <br> (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwY9Qv96DJY)

Commit message:

Updating README for Heroku Link

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the NBA Prediction App 

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.nba.net/nba-drupal-prod/2017-08/Twitter-seo-image-NBA-logman.jpg" width="">
</div>

## My app

Hello Basketball loving people!

This app is for those who are interested in my week of learning Python and Machine Learning.

I made this as a Student at Code Chrysalis during polyglotal week (week where we learn a new language from scratch)

You can check out the deloyed app on [Heroku](https://nba-prediction-app.herokuapp.com/)

---

#### This is what you see when you open the page:

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-42-53.png)

---

#### You can select a team and start/end years to show data:

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-45-21.png)

---

#### You can predict the winner of the game by selecting two teams (Home/Away)

![](readme_imgs/2020-08-27-17-47-59.png)

---

### If you would like to use this app

**Here's how:**

* Fork and clone this repository
* Open this with your code editor of choice
* Activate your Python Environment (I used Anaconda), and make sure the libraries are installed properly on your chosen Environment

---

### My presentation slides

[Click here](
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRXO3l_9rm6H4n9lo0Q0UoBhfDC-RfQb0ASpoTT0CBJX51o9KW8aZwrquzvn2lq2eSWcKi-1Q-G6SjP/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000) to see the slides I used for my presentation



---

### Future improvements

* As this was my first time with Python, the Machine Learning predictability is not at a high accuracy percentage. I would like to increase this accuracy
* Add more features and inputs so you can see all the data and it is very customizable
* Deploy this app. Potentially using a service such as Heroku

---

### Resourses and tutorials used

* Tutorial for Streamlit (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ4B0QUHuNc)
* Pandas datasets for NBA data (https://realpython.com/pandas-python-explore-dataset/)
* Machine learning tutorial (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLlN5SYZr5g) <br> (https://machinelearningmastery.com/make-predictions-scikit-learn/) <br> (https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split.html) <br> (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwY9Qv96DJY)
